Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Each candidate can follow a very different number of people and that can be 
determinant in the result. For instance, Jill Stein and Gary Johnson could follow
hundreds or thousands of people more than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.

It could be a good idea to show how many friends have each of them in order to
have a better interpretation of the results.




2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

The user is The White House and the Vice President Mike Pence. So so I think both follow 
the white house to be informed of it is happening at the moment since The White House tweets relevant
information about the President, the country, bills, laws, hurricanes... Also both follow the Vice 
President Mike Pence, Donnal because it from its team and Hillary may follow him to be informed indireclty
from Donnal Trump.




3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?


The first thing I think is that the more people you follow the more
interested you seem to be in what happens to that people. On the other hand,
it could be that they only consider it as tool to transmit something and they are
not really interested in what somebody else tweets like it could be Trump’s case.

Regarding our analysis it is better that people follows a lot of people
so we can get as much information as possible like we do with Gary Johnson.
Furthermore, the fact that one or several of the twitter users we study follows
only a few people can distort the results and the conclusions obtained from them.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

There are 4 candidates which have 5982 friends in total. If we make a call for each friend
and each candidate, there are 5986 calls in total. For each 15 calls the twitter API waits 15 minutes.
Therefore, around 5986 minutes will take to get the complete follower graph.